1. GENERAL

A group of people is gathered and randomly assigned a Role. The goal of the game is to eliminate the opposing Alliance, using your skills of deduction and deception, as well as your Role's Ability.

Each game consists of:

i) the First Night: all the Player names appear on screen. Only the Assassins see their names, as well as the names of their partners, in red.

ii) the Days: the group votes who they want to eliminate from the game. In case of ties, all Players with the same number of votes get eliminated.

iii) the Day Resolutions: the names of all the eliminated by vote Players are displayed.

iv) the Nights: the alive Players may choose to use their abilities if possible.

v) the Night Resolutions: the names of all the murdered Players are displayed.

vi) the Endgame: the winning Alliance is announced along with a list of all the Players and their respective Roles.

For your first times playing, the suggested Role set for a balanced game is two Civilians, two Assassins, one Hermit and one Witch.

2. ALLIANCES

As of now the two opposing Alliances are:

i) the Agents of Order: Civilian, Hermit, Witch, Necromancer, 4th Civilian

ii) the Agents of Chaos: Assassin

3. ENDGAME

The game is considered finished when one of the following scenarios is fulfilled:

i) the only remaining Players belong to the same Alliance (that Alliance wins).

ii) all Assassins get eliminated (Order wins).

iii) a Day begins and only two Players are alive (i.e. an Agent of Chaos and an Agent of Order). If the Agent of Order is a Civilian, Order wins. In any other case, Chaos wins.

iv) a Day begins and no Player is alive (draw).

4. ROLES

CIVILIAN

Folk Hero: If a Day begins with only an Agent of Chaos and a Civilian, Order wins.

ASSASSIN

Back Stab: Once every Night, the Assassins may choose to eliminate a single Player.

HERMIT

Revelation: Only once in the game, during the Night, you can see whether a Player is an Agent of Chaos or not.

WITCH

Potion Frenzy: Only once in the game, during the Night, you can choose to either kill a Player or protect them from death (for that Night only).

NECROMANCER

Call of the Void: Only once in the game, during the Night, you can see the Role of a dead Player.

4TH CIVILIAN

Promotion: Only once in the game, during the Night, you can get the Role of a Player who died during that Night (priority is given to Chaos Roles). In case no deaths happen, your Role remains the same.

[...constantly updated...]
